Alright, it's been 3 days or more we stopped this project.
We need to complete it in 2 days.
Let's proceed like this:
1- The calendar and tthe admin calendar are the most challenging
   step so far. Is it possible to simply use an integration of 
   google calendar? If yes, give me the step bye step process 
   please.

2- I gave you the embeded code and the link of the video, it is
   still not showing on the website. Can we please fix this?

3- I feel that we have a path problem. All the hero pictures for the
   slide show are not showing, here is the exact path where
   they are saved, hero1.jpg hero2.jpg hero3.jpg: C:\Users\Darly\Desktop\Windsurf Websites\Excelsior Cleaning Services\Test Template\assets\images
   
4- Also, since we have the flotter image for the Whatsapp, remove it from the
   footer, and remove the logo at the bottom right of the page.


For Google Calendar integration, here's the step-by-step process:
First, create a Google Cloud Project:
Go to https://console.cloud.google.com/
Create a new project
Enable the Google Calendar API
Get API credentials:
In the Google Cloud Console, go to "Credentials"
Click "Create Credentials" > "OAuth 2.0 Client ID"
Choose "Web application"
Add your domain to authorized JavaScript origins
Add your domain + /oauth2callback to authorized redirect URIs
Download the client configuration file



Ok, I feel like we can't keep a line, everytime we are coming backward.
I didn't ask you to change the floating instagram qr code on the right side
while scrolling down the whole website, I just asked to put the 
whatsapp one as it was in the previous version:

1- I want the instagram and Whatsapp Qr-code floating on the right side of the 
   website while scrolling down, as it was in the previous version.

2- On the hero section, can you please add a 4th image, hero4.jpg on the
   slideshow.

3- The video is still not showing on the website, can you please find what is the 
   real problem to fix it once for all?

4- Review the whole website and make the footer clean and professional with all 
   the internal links and legal links.